#title "op.reorg"Syntax	op.reorg (direction, count)Params	direction is one of the following: up, down, left, or right. It indicates the direction in which the current heading is to be moved.	count is a number indicating the number of times the reorganizational move in direction should be carried out.Action	Moves the current heading count times in direction with respect to its initial position. If a move is illegal because of the outline's structure, movement stops.Returns	True if any movement takes place, false otherwise. Note that even if the number of moves is less than count, the function still returns true to indicate that at least one move took place.Examples	In examples.Sample Outline 1, position the cursor at "Subhead 1, Summit 2" and then execute:		op.reorg (down, 1)			true  	Notice that the heading moves down one position and maintains its level setting.		In examples.Sample Outline 1, position the cursor at "Subhead 3, Summit 2" and then execute:		op.reorg (down, 1)			true  	Notice that the subhead and its subheads all move down the outline hierarchy below "Subhead 4, Summit 2."		In Examples.Sample Outline 2, put the cursor on Subhead 1.1.1.1.1 and then execute:		op.reorg (left, 33)			true  	Notice that the heading now appears as a new Summit. Only two levels of move were possible before we ran into an outline constraint, but the function returned true nonetheless. 		In examples.Sample Outline 2, position the cursor at "Subhead 1.1.1.1.1" and then execute:		op.reorg (right, 1)			false  	Nothing happens because this heading cannot be moved farther to the right than it already is.Errors	Attempts to move the current heading in a direction which is illegal will return a value of false but it is not an error.	Notice that the two flat directions - flatup and flatdown - used in other outline processing verbs involving cursor movement are not recognized by op.reorg. Using them produces a result of false.See Also	"op.tabKeyReorg"	"op.promote"	"op.demote"